Ever seen a super-hero movie with a bad ending ?
Like the one where the bad guys win ?
Yeah neither have I.

But lets rewind a bit here.

You're probably wondering who am I ...
What's so special about me?

I mean there are so many super-heros out there right ?

For starters, think of me as your friendly neighbourhood spiderman, I love everything on the web.

While he swings about fighting crime ...

I fight issue tickets on github and make sure every line of code, every pixel on your screen is goddamn perfect.

They call me The Fullstack Developer.

Like every other hero, I grind, make ends meet, and try to live a normal life.

But being a hero is not easy ...
Every hero needs somebody ...
... For whom he fights for ...

... To give him courage, to make him never lose hope ...
Like Aunt May is to Peter Parker, Martha Kent is to Superman, Alfred is to Batman ...
Every superhero needs a family ...

It's this bond ...
that makes them SUPER-heroes ...

It's the real reason why the bad-guys never win.

Would you be willing to include me in your family ...
To save this story ...
and be my superhero ?

The End.

Hire The Fullstack Developer to your family !


"When all hope is lost, and there's no end in sight, lift up your eyes, hero's will rise."



/* */

Hi I'm Aayush aka CaptainLevi

Bitten by a radio-active spider during his WebTech class, he starts seeing everything in pixels!
His senses feel responsive to every detail, and he can see every bug and detail

He starts exploring his powers delving into the WiDeS

He's finally invited to join the <Avengers> ICT ...
... where he learns to harness the power of the React-or with imaculate sass ...
Thinking he's finally in control of his powers ... little did he know what lay ahead ...


Prideful of his prior feats, as he begins his internship to face the ultimate challenge, his biggest fear - The Back-End Monster.
He needs to secure an end-point, and the entire HQ depends on him. (dramatic way to say company will sink)

caught in-between the stuggles of his secret identity as a grad student, he fails multiple times ...

he continues fight the swarm of bugs on the git, makes major commits, revamps the interface ...
... and most importantly he learns how important it is to ask for help when in doubt!

he finally bids goodbye to his alies at the HQ and parts ways ...
he's the hero hackaday deserves, but not the one it needs right now, 
because he can take it, because he's not a hero. he's a silent guardian, a watchful protector ...
the nightwatch
